---
2015-02-05 Day 9
---

Good day of class, with deeper discussions re: modeling, databases, and we recieved our weekend project.  The modeling examples from this week and last are AWESOME.  Exactly what I needed to start creating a visual framework for programs, and I was excited to get started.  Beth (project partner) has almost the exact same models I did, so I think we're on-track.  Created the basic structure and just need approval tomorrow to get working on the code.

Sumeet provided some more examples of program testing and direction for creating them (don't sweat it, just craft something that will test with reasonable accuracy).  One of my hurdles is that I let my mind get bogged down in the specifics of them, rather than the overall purpose.  This was helpful, and I hope to get better at testing, in-general.

Had dinner/wine with Dad and co. tonight.  I am still bursting with excitement for this experience, and I can safely say that I am both confident and eager to approach a lot of the work we are presented with.  This eclipses my horrible state of mind on Tuesday PM, where I got almost nothing done and spun my wheels.  Still such a roller-coaster.  But I can't wait to tackle this project, and I hope to even be able to add a few extra features (if I have time).  When was the last time I got this excited about (home)work?  Aaron confessed he's jealous of this experience, and I realized that I need to share as much of this energy as I can with him.  Hopefully we can craft a neat website for his "Reel Bad Night" and I can use that as a resume booster, as well as a way to deepen our friendship and push him to actualize a bit more.

Amazing day.