---
2015-02-02 Day 6
---

I keep forgetting to journal!  Probably need to start making a list of things that I need to get done for the evening and reviewing it before bed.

Reflecting on working remotely:

I did not really care for it.  While possible to do, I think it would demand a much more disciplined schedule than I am used to.  I know some people require an office if they work from home, and I think I sit in this camp.  Far too many distractions available to me, and taking a break at home makes the distractions even deeper and more tempting.

I also love being forced to get out of bed, shower, start my day, be productive, etc.  While it's cute to sit there with hot cocoa and code, I would enjoy that for a personal project much more than work.  In other words, I don't like getting too comfortable.

Furthermore, I LOVE people and my interactions with them.  All of the communications that occur online feel much more divorced from a lot of the things that I enjoy about interpersonal communication: facial expressions, inflection, tone of voice, etc.  I missed being able to talk face to face with people.

On the other hand, this is a bit at odds with the way I feel I best work on code: alone.  As it is so easy for me to get distracted, I find places where I can put blinders on and just zone into my machine are when I'm most productive.  Music through speakers, talking things outloud to myself, these don't occur in public spaces which mutes my coding freedom a little bit.

But the experience itself was extremely rewarding.  Forced me to analyze how I'm communicating and be more efficient.  Flexed some new muscles being built in the name of communication and testing out new ways to explain.  I loved it.  Not sure how much I would want to do it on a day-to-day basis.