---
2015-02-04 Day 8
---

Starting to understand the power potential for interaction between programs and a database.

I think I have a pretty high-level grasp of OOP, but could still use a lot more practice.  I would like to just do more of everything and flex the muscle.  Can't wait to start my own projects assuming I ever have time.

Still having a bit of trouble with syntax for each new concept.  More use helps, but I still struggle with finding even the most basic inclusion statements in my code to enable functionality.  Now, we're starting to apply two languages in tandem; like speaking French with a German accent, even though you're Italian.  I think it will sink in with time, but I feel like I waste so much time searching for the basics that I never really get comfortable using them.

I'm looking forward to database work, though doing it through the lens of Ruby will be a challenge.  Ruby is starting to feel very comfortable, which is shocking.  Each day, I write more and more error-free code that executes correctly on the first try, which is mind-blowing to me.  I can also now debug my own code quickly and efficiently.  The good news is that it means I can focus much more on design and less on the basics.  I just still spend hours messing around with the basics of the next new thing.

The emotional roller-coaster is as intense as ever; very high highs, and very low lows.  All in all, this is teaching me to handle the extremes much better, which has been a point of personal growth.  But I still have moments where I yell at my computer.  XD